all tat remains is the swewardess and the copiliot who is deeply deeply gay. 

how long will it be before I have to stop. what if she comes over to instpect what I am doing. I am always watched. like a prison, like home. like what I escaped, where i am back again. are we all instutionalized. are we all just. where ever wer are going, it is there which we are at? 

or is this all in my mind. 
whatever - if it is within or if it is without - i am not free. 

sailing 

the jungle creeps up to the edge of the beach. i see you there. I can still see the white sand edges, forming a moon around your end. 


10:00 - she asked me to take the chairs downstairs. I simple....

it is 11:12 - she asked me to take the chairs downstairs and i figured why not I could use the bathroom downstairs   - then ralone woke up wyatt - he is still not asleep. not getting anything done in this environment 
is not my fault. 
Sarah and her mom don't hold the kid.  - they alwasy seem to get out of it - and I get left holding the kid. 



12:00 - - - 
Fantasy island. 
i am maronned on an island for years I spend my days traversing the island, hunting the dangerous fierce board that run wildly all over the island. 
a plane has crashed, much of the crew dies  - except a few of the stewards and the co piliot who is deep;y deeply gay.  the boys spend thier days laying on each ohter, smoking the weeds that gown wild on hte island. at night I build a fire and sit on a sand hill crown, with a cronw of cocuntuleaves. and we roast boars. 
and if the boys want to eat i amke them sick my dick . and you jeff, are on this islamd. 

I spend my days hunting the boar that roam fteely on the island. sweating and dangerous I stalk by prey. THe goys spend thier days languisging in the sun, swishing each ohter with water knee deep in the lagoon, spreading cocunt oil on thie  smoking the poppies that grow wild on the island. 


at nigh they build an altar of sand, and I sit on a seat above them. they fan the flames of the boars, and if they want to eat, they myst all suck my dick 

i want you to know jeff that you are on this island. 
Fantasy island. 

i spend my days exploring and hunting the wild boar. 
in my fantasy, the stewards spend thier days sunning on the beach, among the wreckage of the plane, sunning themselves. 
laying on each other in the sun, splashing each other in the lagoon where the plane had crashed. 

*****THe wife just adked me to put Wyatt to bed - because she couldn't, then had a meeting aobut what to give to the the staff. I made a suggestion and then she just did what she wanted anyhow. If she was just going to do what she wanted anyhow, I do see why I had to stop what i was doing for the meeting. 
*****this is the shit that aggravtes me. 

anyhow sweet and smoky sauce. 
all over glasses - shioloute aginst the setting sun. 

silhouetted against the setting sun. 

I could feel you trying to push me out. SO i pulled out and let the shit stream out.  and then slided right back in. The smell of the shit withe the cocounti oil excites me.   there is the shit mixes withthe oil with each plungr the shit mixes withthe oil and forms a griet. the smell brings out something in me, something wild i pump harder, faster. the rythmic slapping. 


*******SO she is hovering around again. If I could write in another language I would be safe. Maybe this is part of the reason that i do not write - the environment is not right. I do not feel comfortable. 
and if the boys want to eat, I make them suck my dick. 




*****jan 1 2015******



I think that this is worked out. I don't like it very much. 


there is a circle of sand, the edge of your bare ass in the sand, highlighting your bottom like the moon at night. 

there is a circle of sand areound your cheeks, 

there is a circle of sand around the outside of your checks. the edge of sand on your bare ass sitting on the beach. 

a remnant of the 

there is a ring of sand rim 

there is a ring of white sand around the circumference of your tan cheeks, the edge of your bare ass on the white sands of the beach.i grabs at it like the reigns of an animal, my hands gripping your hips. my cock, covered in coconut oil still glesteningint the sun, disapearing into your bridle. It slides back and fourth. i am riding you. your toes are curling up in the sand. the dies is coming up on the sand. 

throatlash


they both live by a code - 
unfortunate but necessary speech - wanna be artist, the artist, the want a criminal and the cop 
the mirror image. 
demena herself with ralph to get away from hannah
the correlatin between hanna hand his men and 

the sheriff fuckingup is like the guy that they took on he fucked up

echos of gorfqather 2  - life time ago. 

both war tan jacketone glack . s - one white shirt.

the dead - the speech. discuss dreams. 
he seems to understand his dreams - the criminal does not. you do waht yuo do, i do waht i gotta do.  