windchimes and gituar rift of my favorite song. 


I am marooned on and tropical isle. For years i am alone, spending my days scaling the mounting high cliffs and jungle, prowling the beachs, killing the boar stag that island provides. hunting the the boar and stag that .  A plane crashes, only the carefree stewards survive. THey spend their days splashing each other in the lagoon, aying in the sun among the wreckage of the plane, smoking the narcotic plants that gorw jungle.  SOmetime

THe lush fruit of the jungle,  

the lotus fruits and flowers were the primary food of the island. Were narcotic, causing the people to sleep in peaceful apathy. They started at once, and went about among the Lotus-eaters, who did them no hurt, but gave them to eat of the lotus, which was so delicious that those who ate of it left off caring about home, and did not even want to go back and say what had happened to them, but were for staying and munching lotus with the Lotus-eaters without thinking further of their return; nevertheless, though they wept bitterly I forced them back to the ships and made them fast under the benches. Then I told the rest to go on board at once, lest any of them should taste of the lotus and leave off wanting to get home, so they took their places and smote the grey sea with their oars."[1]


of them who ate the honey-sweet fruit of lotus was unwilling to take any message back, or to go away, but they wanted to stay there with the lotus-eating people, feeding on lotus, and forget the way home. (9.91-97)

For years I am alone, spending my days prowling through the jungles hunting the boar that inhabit the island. or scaling the high cliffs 

i am marooned on and island in the middle of the tropical sea. For years I am alone, spending my days hunting the boar the inhabit the jungle, scaling the cliffs that jut straight out of the azure blue sea.  A plane crashes, only the carefree stewards survive. To welcome them   


i am maronned on an island in the middle of the tropical sea. For years I am alone. I spend my days exploring and hunting the boar that inhabit the jungle. A plane crashes on the island, only the stewards survive. They find the fruits of the jungle, fruits I never touch, fruits narcotic. They spend thier days laying in the sun among the wreckage of the plane, splashing each other in the lagoons. THe lotus fruit, beautifule and narcotic, eating it they never carea bout leaving, never thinking of their return from tis dream lasnd. 

At night i join them, with bonfires and fresh kills. It is a feat that they partake, but to eat, they must suck my dick. 
WheN I dream jeff, youare on this island. 


they gather the fruits of the island, beautiful and narcotic, the lotus. eating them they become happy and carefree, with no thoughs of thier return. THey lay about the wreckage of the plane on the beach, sunning them selves. Splash each other in the warm waters of the lagoon. 


beautiful and narcotice, they forget the horror of the crash, or the <something> of their circumstances. they become happy and carefree, with no thiughs of their return from this dream land. They lay about the wreckage on the white sands of the beach, sunning them selves, splash each other in the warm blue water of the lagoon. For the lotus eates everyday is a quite feast. 



For years I am alone, marooned on a isle in the tropical sea. I spend my days hunting the boar that inhabit the jungle, I scale the high cliffs, and jump into the sea. I swin with the dolphins, run naked on the beach. i annoint myself in shiny oils and lift rocks, make huge fires  I erect huge fires  to test my strengh, naked I jump from them, into the  


.I run naked on the beach with sea-eagles screaching. I wrestle montuain cats on the high cliffs or' the sea. I anoimt nlefs with oil and jet ski on crocodiles and use crocodiles for jet kis. i swim with dolphins.  I scale the high cliffs that jut straight out the sea, to wrestle with mountain cast. I surf the rivers on salewater crocs. I anoint myself with oils to dance naked  to bathe in the rivlets 

out of kindness I offer them pigs. 

roast 


never eating the fruit. 



for years I am 



jan 4th 2015. 

the weak and silly strategms that sarah pulls to get out of holding the baby. She did that thing where she bitches. she is a bitch. i can't believe I decided to spend the rest of my life with her. when i think about it - i just can't believe it. i have to take more time for myself. fuck what she thinks. just do it. you can't be this unhappy - let yourself get this made. don't get taken advantage of. 

any i scale the high cliffs and wrestle sun bears in their caves, i ride mountain cats, spear fish with dopphins paddle board on sea crocodiles. 



prayer in c lilly wood

route 94d
charli xcx


AZEALIA BANKS - 212 FT. LAZY JAY


Make The Girl Dance - Baby Baby Baby